Interdisciplinarity Social Inclusion Excellence Internationalization Come to Brazil, study at UFABC. Free and public University. FEDERAL UNIVERSITY OF ABC Brazil ABC Located in the industrial belt of S o Paulo, Brazil s largest city, in the region known as ABC, Federal University of ABC (UFABC) was created to contribute directly and indirectly to the education of Brazilian people, to advance knowledge in engineering, mathematics, computing, natural and human sciences, and to meet the demands of regional industrial activity and public administration. Federal University of ABC (UFABC, Brazil) was created in 2006 based on an innovative interdisciplinary pedagogical plan. It has no departments, fostering interaction between academic members from different backgrounds. At the core of the interdisciplinary experiences, students can enjoy the  exibility and freedom to build their academic pathways throughout the programs offered by the university, thus acting as entrepreneurs of their own careers. Our main goal is to enhance independent thinking and risk-taking. At UFABC, social inclusion is practiced both as an act of responsibility and reduction of inequality, as an active process of identi cation and development of talents, encouragement of diversity and plurality of ideas. From an inclusive perspective, and in its various levels, Education requires an interdisciplinary approach, involving different dimensions: political, legal, economic, cultural, technological and social. It is the responsibility, especially of public education, to embrace and support inclusive education, to develop accessibility and overcome several barriers that prevent equal opportunities: architectural, communicational, informational, methodological, instrumental, programmatic, and especially the attitudinal one. Presentation Undergraduate Programs at UFABC Educational Programme UFABC is one of the youngest Brazilian universities. Founded in 2006, today it operates two campuses, both still partly under construction, but has already established a reputation for high-level interdisciplinary research and teaching. At UFABC, the purpose of internationalization is to integrate the university into the academic excellence world, aiming to become a world-class university. Connected to a strong emphasis in scienti c research, UFABC has been acclaimed by its high quality education and high internationalization levels. In the last years, international rankings started to pay attention to us. The results and lessons learned so far are encouraging and might be followed and improved by other universities in the world. Furthermore, UFABC considers fundamental to be open for interactions with society, contributing to the material and intellectual welfare of the people by means of outreach initiatives. The interdisciplinarity is the main highlight of the undergraduate programs at UFABC and offers a wide and general vision for the education, without affecting the methodological and scienti c depth. The entry programs at the Federal University of ABC are: the Interdisciplinary Bachelor in Science and Technology (BC&T) or the Interdisciplinary Bachelor in Sciences and Humanities (BC&H); the Interdisciplinary Teaching Degree in Science and Humanities (LCH); and  nally the Interdisciplinary Teaching Degree in Natural and Exact Sciences (LCNE). Further Education At the end of the Interdisciplinary Bachelor or Teaching Degree Program, the students will be able to continue their studies in a follow-up program at UFABC, related to the Interdisciplinary Bachelor or Teaching Degree Program they have chosen, start a graduate program or entry into the labour market. Check below the list of undergraduate programs: Website Cultural and Outreach activities The development of Outreach and Culture at UFABC aims to promote the construction of educational, cultural, scienti c and political processes, transforming the relation between society and University, allowing exchange of systemized academic and popular knowledge. The democratic knowledge production comes from both national and international realities with direct participation of the external community. Culture actions promote, stimulate and allow individual and group-based artistic and cultural expressions, thus contributing to the production of and access to cultural services by the community. All actions include internal and external public participation. All community members are encouraged to participate in these activities. Socioeconomic Financial Aid After being admitted to one of UFABC s program students are entitled to apply to Socioeconomic Aids. The Socioeconomic Aid Program aims to provide conditions for students in situations of social and economic vulnerability enrolled in undergraduate program at UFABC to manage to expand their condition to keep studying at the institution. At UFABC, the teaching modules are divided into three terms per year. To obtain a degree, students must ful ll a certain amount of mandatory, limited option and free courses, offering a wide variety of knowledge in different approaches, according to the interest of each student. Interdisciplinary Bachelor in Science and Technology (BC&T) Chemistry Computer Science Mathematics Neuroscience Aerospace Engineering Biomedical Engineering Energy Engineering Engineering Management Environmental and Urban Engineering Information Engineering Instrumentation, Automation and Robotics Engineering Materials Engineering Biological Sciences Biotechnology Interdisciplinary Bachelor in Sciences and Humanities (BC&H) Economics International Affairs Philosophy Public Policy Territorial Planning Interdisciplinary Teaching Degree in Natural and Exact Sciences (LCNE) Biological Sciences Chemistry Mathematics Physics Interdisciplinary Teaching Degree in Science and Humanities (LCH) Philosophy UFABC is a federal public university, therefore it is totally subsidized by the federal government. That means that students do not pay any tuition and there is no fee for enrollment. Quicks Facts Started in 2006 Two campi No tuition fee for regular and international students 100% of faculty hold a PhD degree and 10% are foreigners Undergraduate and graduate programs: over 16.200 undergraduate & over 1.800 graduate students Interdisciplinary undergraduate bachelor degrees: high  exibility for students Times Higher Education - THE World University Ranking 2022: #13 in Brazil Times Higher Education - THE Latin America Ranking 2022: #22 in Latin America and #15 in Brazil Times Higher Education - THE Young University Ranking 2022: #3 in Brazil CWUR Ranking 2021-2022: #16 in Brazil #896 worldwide U.S. News 2022-2023: #10 in Brazil; #18 in Latin America and #776 worldwide RUF (Brazilian ranking) from 2013 to 2017: #1 in internationalization ufabc.edu.br/en ufabc.edu.br (English) (Portuguese)